// Dealing with long running task under the hood
// Synchronous code is executed line by line
// Each line of code waits for previous line to finish

// Asynchronous code is executed after a task that runs in the background finishes
// Asynchronous code is non-blocking;
// API Application Programing Interface.
// DOM API, Geolocation API, Own Class API, Online API.

// AJAX - XML data format(today we use the JSON data format, 
   a javascript data object converted into a string). 
   
//{ JSON JavaScript Object Notation. 
   JSON is a text format for storing and transporting data.
   JSON is used to send data between computers.
  {"employees":[
  { "firstName":"John", "lastName":"Doe" },
  { "firstName":"Anna", "lastName":"Smith" },
  { "firstName":"Peter", "lastName":"Jones" }
   ]}

// JavaScript has a built in function for converting JSON strings into JavaScript objects:
   JSON.parse() ~~ JSON.parse(data)

// JavaScript also has a built in function for converting an object into a JSON string:
   JSON.stringify() ~~ JSON.stringify(data)

// Promise: An object that is used as a placeholder for the future result of an  
   asynchronous operation.

// JSON syntax is derived from JavaScript object notation syntax:
      Data is in name/value pairs.
      Data is separated by commas.
      Curly braces hold objects.
      Square brackets hold arrays.
      double quotes around the key name.
}

// A container for a future value

// Application Programing Interface.Piece of software that can be used by another   
   piece of software,inorder to allow application to talk to each other.